Yes!
It has begun!
I told you that the other capsules
are dying out, and this process starts today
It starts with the Silver capsule
Yes!
You know, honestly, I couldn't have imagined
that it would happen so quickly
Okay, what do we have...
one body for three months of energy
What, like 27 guys in there right now?
First, we push the energy generator
with that damn captain from the Silver
Okay... calm down, calm down
So, let's think ahead
I wonder how long it could take
for all these guys to die out there?
Is it a matter of hours?
Is it a matter of days?
In any case, some guys have to go
and collect those bodies before the others
get a whiff of the smell, right?
And I mean that literally
93, 28, let's see, 72
You guys are potentially the corpse carriers
Now we have to think about how
to accelerate this process in the other capsules,
how to make them die out faster
This is fantastic!
I wouldn't have expected...
ADMIN: Attention!